SM-3676: Update docs for limit offset pagination (#91)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V1.8/index.md

{: .govuk-heading-s}

Most endpoints on the reporting API are driven with pagination. This
is controlled by the <strong>offset</strong> query param,
which indicates the starting point from which to return data.
{: .govuk-body}

Each paginated response in the reporting API contains the following meta-data:
{: .govuk-body}

<code>{ "pagination": { "has_next_page": true, "total_rows": "50" }, "rows": [...] }</code>

The <strong>has_next_page</strong> and <strong>total_rows</strong> properties indicate if
additional pages of results are available to be returned, in the context of the total number
of rows (records).
{: .govuk-body}

> The <strong>total_rows</strong> property returns a maximum number of <strong>501</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <strong>total_rows</strong> property can return a maximum number of <strong>501</strong>, if 501 is returned it indicates that there may be more rows available in the database to query.  This is confirmed if <strong>has_next_page</strong> is <strong>true</strong>, This means that if
there are more than 501 rows, and the offset is greater than 501, additional rows will be returned,
but the total_rows property will still be limited to 501 rows.
```

If this property has the value of 501, there may be more rows available in the database to query,
which is the case if <strong>has_next_page</strong> is <strong>true</strong>. This means that if
there are more than 501 rows, and the offset is greater than 501, additional rows will be returned,
but the total_rows property will still be limited to 501 rows.
{: .govuk-body}

The rows property contains the records for the
current page.
{: .govuk-body}

> By default, there are a maximum of 25 rows returned per page. Therefore, in the

Reviewer 2: Not sure myself
`there are a maximum of 25 rows returned per page` or `there is a maximum of 25 rows returned per page`?

Author: Can't find anything online to suggest one is more correct. I'd be happy with either

example above, if you have 50 items total with 25 items per page, to
get the next page of results the offset should be set to 25.
The next response would contain rows 26-50.
{: .govuk-body}

The reason we use limit-offset based pagination with a <strong>total_rows</strong>
count limit of 501 is for better performance than counting every row in these tables.

> On the other hand, the same items may show up on different pages if rows are inserted/removed

Reviewer 2: `On the other hand` sounds casual and has a negative connotation in my opinion. Would it be better just to say `This means that...`

Reviewer 3: I don't know if we should be speaking about performance remediation in our docs.

Reviewer 3: And same with the limitations of our pagination, this is a known side effect of limit-offset but we shouldn't be promoting it lol

Author: Yeah I wasn't sure whether/how to include this so happy to remove. The reason I included it was because we had justification/benefits of cursor-based pagination before

> from the database in-between queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason limit-offset based pagination has been implemented with a <strong>total_rows</strong> count limit of 501 is to aid performance of the call, the alternative would involve counting all row in these tables.  The limitation of this approach is that the same items may show up on different pages if rows are inserted/removed 	from the database in-between requests.
```

  <li>BREAKING CHANGE: Update the request body of <code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/inspections</code> to make <code>inspection_evidence</code> mandatory</li>
</ol>

Updated Reporting API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}
<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">
  <li>BREAKING CHANGE: Reporting API pagination updated across all reporting endpoints:</li>
  <ol>
    <li><code>before</code> and <code>after</code> query params removed</li>
    <li><code>offset</code> query param added instead (optional for the first page, must be a non-negative integer)</li>
    <li><code>total_count</code> response property will no longer return exact number of rows, instead, 501 will be the maximum number of rows returned by this count</li>
    <li><code>page_start</code> property removed from <code>PaginationResponse</code></li>
    <li><code>ReportingSummaryResponse</code> removed, meaning the <code>cursor</code> property is also removed from each paginated endpoint response</li>
  </ol>
</ol>

> 

Reviewer: Looks like you are not up to date on master. I added a lot of breaking changed here
